>> Erik: Who uses
Backend System Architectures?
Again, I love this gif because this is
how I feel like a lot of people feel when
they're first getting is this,
who can I relate to?
Where are these people and
how can I understand how they're
doing the things that they are?
So we're gonna talk really
quickly about Amazon.
We're gonna talk about four
companies in total and
the first one we're gonna
talk about is Amazon.
So Amazon utilizes a microservices
architecture to manage its
vast operations.
And let's be clear, Amazon is vast.
I mean, they're at the point now
where people aren't even maintaining
the warehouses anymore,
it's all automated and guess what?
Those are run-on distributed systems,
right?
So Amazon has figured out a way of what's
called dogfooding, or basically saying,
hey, I'm gonna to build an architecture
that I can reuse in multiple places and
grow and keep building on top of.
And that's a really, really, really
powerful tool to be able to reuse logic
that you've already created gives more
value to that logic and saves time.
So each microservice functions
independently facilitating teams to modify
their services without affecting others.
This approach has propelled Amazon
scalability and innovation.
With each of these examples,
I have included a diagram to come
kind of show you where they are.
And so the first diagram we're gonna
look at is Amazon's Backend System or
one of their Backend Systems.
Now, these diagrams that I
found are official diagrams.
These aren't diagrams I found on
some random blogger's websites.
These are actually from their own blogs or
their own documentation.
And so this is a good example of showing
how they handle a lot of different things,
Suppliers, Transporters,
Consumers, Stores, Warehouses.
They have enterprise planning,
Scanners, RFID readers, AWS IOT,
they have Temp and Geo Sensors,
they have Sitewise connectors,
they have Transport Management Systems.
District Order Managers,
they have Warehouse Management Systems,
they have Store Inventory Managers, right?
All these different components are built
and put in place to solve problems.
And then as you look,
you can see that they slowly start
utilizing their own software or
their own infrastructure.
Amazon store and
Amazon shipping would not be where
it is today if it wasn't for
Amazon Cloud, okay?
I really want you guys to
understand what Jeff Bezos did and
how he made this company so profitable,
because everything they do,
they build on top of
what they already have.
It's all in-house,
and they all solve specific problems
that they were able to resell for
other companies and other things that
are needing to solve similar problems.
That's how we got IoT Core,
that's how we got Kinesis Data Streams.
That's how we got Textract, Comprehend,
API Gateway, Lambda, DynamoDB, Pinpoint.
SageMaker, Forecast,
Lake Formation, Redshift, S3,
IoT Analytics and QuickSight,
they built it for themselves.
That means that Amazon's
number one user is Amazon, and
that's really powerful when you
talk about building systems, right?
When you're able to look at
your own problems and say,
how can we dog food this and make it so
that we're solving it ourselves.
It's really powerful than saying,
okay, we're gonna just lean
on another provider, right?
And so Amazon, the only downtime they
really experience is with Amazon, right?
They don't really have to deal with third
party providers or other things like that.
And that's what made them so
powerful because once they built this
incredibly robust and
extensible system, they could sell it.
And this is why Amazon as a web
service is one of the most
powerhouses in the industry today.
They're not just solving your problems,
they're solving their own.
And this chart really should
show you the evolution of how
many things they've built to
solve their own problems.
>> Erik: The next one is Netflix, right?
Netflix employs a hybrid of serverless and
microservice architectures to provide
streaming services to
millions of users globally.
This architecture enables Netflix to
manage enormous traffic surges and
deliver a smooth user experience.
How often do you see Netflix lag?
>> Erik: It's because they have put
billions of dollars into figuring out how
to solve that problem, right?
Again, people that I know at Netflix and
even people who you may know work
at Netflix did what they did.
They were specific problem solver for
the massive, massive tool chain and
massive infrastructure that
Netflix provides, right?
And so they have had specific people
try and just solve latency problems of
connectability or start times of
watching a video or things like that.
Because they have grown to this
massive microservice scale.
Now, what I know about Netflix is that
a lot of it is microservice driven.
I know that they use Lambdas and
serverless and stuff like that, but
they still heavily rely on microservices
as a way of joining those two teams.
So Netflix has a really high
expectation basically of saying,
okay, this team owns this thing,
this team owns this thing,
and that's all you do, right?
Which can be fun but can also be kind of
boring depending on how you look at it.
However, when you think about
what they've made, this, for
example, is a chart of
their Video Services.
Where they have Time Text Services,
they have Audio Services,
they have Packaging Services, they have
Streaming Workflow Orchestrators and
Studio Workflow Orchestrators.
These are things for
editing videos and then shipping
them directly to the platform.
These are things like streaming videos and
shipping them directly to users.
They have in Video Inspection Service and
a Ladder Generation Service and
Video Encoding Service and
a Video Validation Service and
Complex Analysis Services and
Video Quality Services.
These are all things that
solve specific problems.
You're not seeing anything here
that says back in front in, right?
This is what microservices and service
architecture really looks like when
you're solving specific problems
within your company, right?
This is a really good example of what
it looks like of solving problems with
architecture.
>> Erik: There's another
thing I do wanna note,
which is they have something
called Netflix Cosmos.
Cosmos is a computing platform that
combines the best aspects of microservices
with asynchronous workflows and
serverless function.
So I did wanna show you a little bit
of the serverless side of things.
But what you're gonna note about this
itty-bitty little diagram that I took from
their blog is that it's actually
a microservice that fires a workflow,
which fires serverless functions.
So they are even going as far as to glue
all of these components together to find
the best solution.
And this is really what I mean by good
architecture design of saying, well,
I'm not just gonna do a monolith,
I'm not just gonna do services,
I'm not just gonna do serverless.
I'm gonna glue these
components together so
that they have a really good
harmony in working together.
Specific components can scale
as far as they need, but
then other components don't have to have
these other requirements of serverless and
can scale on their own
specific requirements.
Again, Netflix has done a really great job
of showing a lot of people how to build
these kinds of complex but
really good problem-solving systems.